Dr. Belis Aladag: So we will be seeing Omar all one and I'm checking his cures. It looks like the last time he received
Dr. Belis Aladag: buprenorphine naloxone two milligram films was on February 28 20 days supply it takes one a day from a doctor Hanscom
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ha, and CEO me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello, Mr.
Omar Alwan: How are you, good morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Morning. I'm Dr. Allah DAG, how are you
Omar Alwan: Doing well. Nice to meet you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nice to meet you too. So, um, welcome to bright heart health, it seems that us, is it. I see that you've been on Suboxone before, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Omar Alwan: And I've been on it since February 2 of 2020
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so just pretty recently.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, and I have access to a database where, you know, we can see like what prescribed controlled substances, you were given and stuff. So from that it looks like you've been on the two milligram film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, and you take just one a day.
Omar Alwan: Um, so here's the thing. When I first was inducted or when I was first introduced on Suboxone I started off with eight milligrams
Omar Alwan: Okay. My intention was not to stay on it for long, so almost immediately. I was on a gradual taper from
Omar Alwan: A seven to six.
Omar Alwan: I saw um
Omar Alwan: Yeah, so that's why I, in my experience with it. I was never truly stable, you know, so it felt like there was a lot of like just small pieces of withdraw that I'm experiencing here and there.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, so that's why I'm like reconsidering what I was doing. I don't know. Maybe I should be on six milligrams and consistent with that for a while.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, I like that idea. I like that idea. And I'll tell you why. Because I'm. Is this the first time you receiving treatment for opioid problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay, so we know that the gold standard is maintenance right and but that scares people, because people are like, Well, I don't know. I don't want to be on something forever and whatever it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is it doesn't have to mean forever. It just means like you're saying just to get stable, you're not feeling any withdrawal and no cravings and you're just normal
Dr. Belis Aladag: It right in that zone and we can keep you there for a month, two months, three months, you know, like a good amount of time. It allows brain and your receptors, those
Dr. Belis Aladag: Receptors that were used to being kind of burned out and used up all the time to return back to normal function. So the longer you stay on it at a steady level, the better.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your healing happens right
Omar Alwan: So, so that is a question I do have
Omar Alwan: So, even while you're on Suboxone there is I guess receptor recovery and neurotransmitter levels there is recovery going on as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Absolutely. There's recovery going on while you're on it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And right because of the there's no more oscillation. No more up and down when we would the, the highs and the lows and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Announcer your system. It's just a stable and
Dr. Belis Aladag: It allows the receptor to gain back to normal. You know sensitivities and production and all that stuff.
Omar Alwan: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's good to know. Yeah, so it's not like you're wasting time while you're on it, you're actually doing. And you're also healing your life.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, because you're all exactly
Dr. Belis Aladag: The psychological work that goes behind the, what was I missing that I was going for this. Why was I trying to escape, whatever it was I was feeling like, how do I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Deal with that because what
Dr. Belis Aladag: If that's how I feel a lot. And what else am I going to do, you know, like you're going to learn
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then hopefully you get to a good place. And you're like, Doc. Okay. I think it's time. Let's do the very slow taper and we go super slow you feel comfortable and then we check in again and whatever. So, like, that's kind of the pathway, I would recommend
Omar Alwan: Mm hmm. And I like it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sounds like that's what you would want. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. And you think you started at eight but you think you'll be okay comfortable at six.
Omar Alwan: Um,
Omar Alwan: Yeah, yeah, I think I like six as a number for now and then possibly just going a little down to for staying on for for a bit, but for now six. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And do you, do you want to do it where you take two in the morning, two in the afternoon and two before bed, do you want to do to to to
Omar Alwan: Or do you want to. Okay, that is actually something I was constantly debating, that's another part of how I switched up my routine is I started off with
Omar Alwan: four in the morning for just before bed. But then I like doing some research online. A lot of people
Omar Alwan: advise that you kind of just stick to one dose in the morning so that your body like and it's kind of like a psychological thing where you're not just
Omar Alwan: You know, waiting for the next dose or whatever. And then I heard that that also makes it easier to get off of it when you're only doing one dose, rather than several doses throughout the day. So what's your opinion on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I think ultimately when we're trying to get off of the medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I haven't had trouble with people dosing a couple times a day.
Omar Alwan: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In fact, I think actually that's easier because it kind of maintains the blood like
Dr. Belis Aladag: The, the medication originally is designed for Once a Day dosing. So it's supposed to hold you. You're supposed to take one dose in the
Omar Alwan: Morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And supposed to hold you over until 24 hours later, and then you're doing it again, but I find in my experience with patients sometimes people are like, you know, I don't know, I feel like a start getting a little craving or something. Towards the end of the day.
Omar Alwan: That's exactly my experience. Exactly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so for that reason, I say, okay, well then how about one in the morning and one maybe after lunch that way just to don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Have to do three just do one after lunch or something and then that way. Um, so, then that would be like if you're doing the film's. Is it the films, because they're covered by your insurance.
Omar Alwan: I believe so. Yeah.
Omar Alwan: I mean, that's the one I get from them from the pharmacy.
Omar Alwan: Each time I go, I've never gotten the pills.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we could, you could do like one and a half film in the morning and one enough film of the tools.
In the yeah
Omar Alwan: That sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That way, you're good. It's not three times a day. It's not so tedious, you just remember the day you know one one wake up and one after eat some lunch.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Hopefully it holds you all day and you're at six milligrams total
Omar Alwan: And then my experience. That's where I was. I guess that my most comfortable and feeling my most stable where it's not something that's like, I'm thinking about where I'm experiencing.
Omar Alwan: Cravings or whatever. When I was doing that, like in the morning, afternoon or at night, so I do like that idea better also
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll try that. And then we can always adjust. If you need adjusting
Dr. Belis Aladag: And. Okay, so tell me a bit of background information. So, so tell me
Dr. Belis Aladag: First of all, social history wise like where are you living now are you with your parents are you on your own, like what's going on.
Omar Alwan: So, um, I actually was going to school in the Bay Area.
Omar Alwan: And then because of, like, I'm a medical student. It was my first year.
Omar Alwan: Do you know Toro, California. Have you heard of Toro
Dr. Belis Aladag: No.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, so that's the school that I was going to in the Bay Area.
Omar Alwan: I developed the addiction around late fall time and then
Omar Alwan: Went to rehab in February.
Omar Alwan: Because like it just spiraled
Omar Alwan: Very terribly went to rehab in February and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Where did you
Omar Alwan: Olympia house. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's in Petaluma
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and it was
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like did you, did they detox you first and induce you first or what did they do.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, exactly. It was like a detox waited long enough, until I can take the Suboxone
Omar Alwan: And then, yeah, and I was there for about 10 days because I had to get back for school which I ended up taking a leave of absence for. So now I'm down in Southern California living with my mom and my brother.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, mom, bro. Okay and Southern California.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, I'm in LA, are you
Omar Alwan: Nice. I'm in LA County, so I
Omar Alwan: Guess. This is home to me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This is your home. So you're originally from here. I mean,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I grew
Omar Alwan: I grew up in Claremont, California. I'm not sure if you're familiar with.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yesterday,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, I know. Okay.
Omar Alwan: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so now you're back with them, you took a leave. I think that's a good idea to just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Be group yourself and then
Omar Alwan: Exactly.
Omar Alwan: come back stronger, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That song. Yeah, exactly right with
Dr. Belis Aladag: This look
Omar Alwan: Aurora.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You were kind of wavering, not knowing what you're doing. So now we'll get you stable and then you can, you know, think about, Okay, I think I can start next semester, whatever semester, you want to start
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hmm. OK, cool. So you were in med school. Man, that's great. Do you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: What kind of specialty or you don't know yet. I mean, we're just starting
Omar Alwan: Right, I'm just starting. And really, all of them fast fascinate me in a different way. There are some that I lean towards maybe emergency I like intensive care.
Omar Alwan: But in this experience.
Omar Alwan: I actually am
Omar Alwan: even considering
Omar Alwan: Addiction specialist
Omar Alwan: Possibly
Omar Alwan: I feel like I have like this level of, you know, connection with the patients.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, oh yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: About addiction is you don't have to go through psychiatry, necessarily. So you could you could technically, let's say, do an ER residency emergency specialty and then you have your fellowship and addiction. So you can do
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or you could do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What I did was I did family medicine. So you can do family medicine and then do addiction on top and then you can practice both if you want, or just focus on one. So the cool thing about addictions fellowships, you can go on from any special
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something else first
Omar Alwan: Um, that's awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, okay, yeah. So maybe one day you'll do that. I see. So you were in med school. And then, so this whole thing started like october november 2019
Omar Alwan: Yeah, exactly. Actually, it was around early November of 2019 yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: So prior to that you had you been like
Omar Alwan: Did you, good question.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, like so.
Omar Alwan: So yeah, that's the thing. It's not that all of a sudden 2019 I picked up an opioid and then it's
Omar Alwan: from years ago, like, you know, I would find medicine like a Viking and bottle at home, I would try a couple. So I've had experiences in the past of like
Omar Alwan: Like I've been. I mean, once an addict always an addict, but I've been in active addiction before and then got myself out of it because it was with more like relatively benign pills like Vicodin or
Omar Alwan: Like even at times, there was with oxy code on but then this time around. What happened was,
Omar Alwan: I started off again with like Viking in did oxy codeine and then I go to the guy that I was getting it from. And he didn't have any more of those what he had was depressed fentanyl pills, which. Yes, I know. I know. It's very dangerous stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A dangerous.
Omar Alwan: Okay, yeah. So, and then also with fentanyl right. The thing is, is you you build a tolerance, very quickly, and it's a very short lived, high right so it's kind of like
Omar Alwan: It really grabs hold of you essentially that's why I needed professional help. Whereas in the past, I was able to kind of do it on my own. But I guess.
Omar Alwan: Sorry. Um, I guess in this past experience. What I learned is that there's more to it than just detoxing. Yeah. You know what I mean. Recovery. It's a lot of things you have to work towards rather than just getting clean
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah exactly like okay so sobriety or detox, whatever. That's great. That's the first step you want. Yes, but that is not a solution because
Dr. Belis Aladag: You tend to have, you know, we're humans are creatures of habit and we tend to go back to the mental ways we are you know whatever we're thinking about how the same kind of logic is still running your brain.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you still will find yourself going to the same guy and ask for the same stupid thing you know like if you don't change more than just, okay, I just got sober, you know. Yeah, you got it, you got it so so good. I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: So glad you have that insight, because that means you're willing to do the work that's
Omar Alwan: Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now that you took time off of school.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, it's perfect. This is exactly what you should really hone in on. So I would encourage you to do visits individual visits with the therapist assigned to in bright heart. Um, do you, do you know who that is. I think for you. It's going to be Serena.
Omar Alwan: No, but I actually don't know yet. But that's very exciting. I'm very happy to hear that because I was also on the side actively trying to find a therapist or psychologist, which it's hard right now with everything that's going on, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, no utilize you're already here with us utilize the the connection.
Omar Alwan: And yeah, amazing us
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's good news. I think this is
Omar Alwan: Going for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah so Serena. So, her name is Serena and what you do is you call the virtual clinic, like when we're done today.
Omar Alwan: So you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Call them back and you say, hey, I want to make my first appointment with my assigned therapist. Hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they'll say, okay, sure, you know, here's your visit time or whatever. And then you can do your one on ones and then you can schedule with her. How frequently do you want to see her weekly every two weeks, whatever you guys can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Either but that because you need, you want to have that that support to kind of discover what's going on with you, like, why do you do this stuff, you know,
Omar Alwan: Yeah, absolutely. To say that I need that is borderline an understatement. So I totally agree.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It looks like actually you're assigned to not sorry. Now you're at least here assigned to Rebecca Evans. So, her name is Rebecca Evans. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: Which leads me to the other thing, which is that
Dr. Belis Aladag: With Rebecca I run a group. So we do group model here as much as we can, where we meet weekly with you in a group setting. So there's other patients like you that are on Suboxone. A lot of them are
Omar Alwan: There's a few people.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That are have alcohol is their main issues on that. But in any case, I do a quick like hey Omar. What's up with you are
Dr. Belis Aladag: You good on your dose want to change. No. Okay. Cool. We'll get you your refill. And then I move on to the next person, whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we do like a group conversation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The therapist usually helps lead that you know some recovery based thing or like wellness thing. And then, and then it's over. And it's usually a one hour session.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so we do that. There's a session that I do with her 9am on Mondays.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you think you can make that
Omar Alwan: Yeah, sure.
Omar Alwan: But yeah, for sure. I can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like a 3845 login to virtual clinic because before the group, they're going to say, okay, Omar to check into this. You say, I'm here for group with Allah DAG and Rebecca
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're going to say, okay, but, you know, fill out the survey about your addiction today, whatever. And the first one be long. But then after that it should be pretty short but they're checking process and then they give you
Omar Alwan: A
Dr. Belis Aladag: Special group number the zoom ID changes each time so you
Omar Alwan: Know virtual
Omar Alwan: Okay so 30 minutes in advance, you think is good enough.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's good. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So like 838 45 login on Mondays. So that'll be your date to see me and get your prescription for the week and like keep going that way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then like I said on the side. You can set up your individuals with Rebecca
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, you mentioned in your past like dabbling with Vicodin and oxy codeine and like kind of weaning yourself off somehow
Dr. Belis Aladag: Went. How old were you when you first started doing this. And we'd like 16 or younger. Like did you start with marijuana, like, what, what kind of
Omar Alwan: Draw. Okay.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, so when I first ever started doing any kind of substance was I was around 12 years old and it was marijuana
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, okay, yeah.
Omar Alwan: Very young
Mom Yeah.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, I mean, that's like one of the only regrets. I have in my life is the fact that I started to kind of
Omar Alwan: Mess with my young developing mind, you know, it's so crucial just yeah
Omar Alwan: So anyways, so yeah, marijuana, and then like growing up in my teens. I just wasn't around the right people. So it was like trying a lot of different kind of stuff.
Omar Alwan: Never anything that was really addicting or nothing really that I became addicted to until I was around like 1920 years old when I first kind of developed a dependency or addiction to like Vikings. Okay. Yeah.
Omar Alwan: Yeah yeah around there and then ever since then, which is like the past seven years it's been like an on and off thing where, like, I would do it for a few months, and then stop for a year to
Omar Alwan: Fall back in the cycle. Few months stop for a year or two, and that's what happened this past time to like I had about two years clean and then boredom, depression, anxiety, stress for medical school led to me making poor decision.
Omar Alwan: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got you. So you have some really good things going for you though Omar. One is, first of all, you're here and you're making the effort to, like, help yourself so that's good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To you have insight, like you're able to verbalize like, you know, I kind of regret doing this level. I like you know you have insight into what was not the best choice for you in the past, etc.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And therefore, hopefully you can kind of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Choose better next time. And then the third thing is you. Despite all of this, you're obviously very
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're intelligent and you're, you're, you must be some sort of like a go getter type of person and accomplish that you get yourself into med school. Right. It's not an easy task to get to that spot to begin with.
And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, so, so you can do a lot of great things, but you could be even better. And like live such a smoother life if you get rid of this.
Omar Alwan: Have I know you're right.
Omar Alwan: You're right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because it can turn deadly and those press sentinels yeah like you don't know what that stuff is super potent
Omar Alwan: And yeah, for sure. I would have never thought I would be doing something to that level, you know,
Omar Alwan: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I mean, nobody does right nobody
Omar Alwan: Yeah, absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay, family history. So you mentioned Mom You didn't mention dad his dad around or
Omar Alwan: Yeah, yeah. So my dad is around but my parents are divorced. So I kind of my dad lives in Clermont like not far away from me at all. I see him.
Omar Alwan: Every once in a while. Not that frequently. So I'm generally kind of closer to my mom, she's really in my life a lot more than he is. That's probably why I mentioned her a bit
Omar Alwan: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Around any family history with them or their parents or anyone else with like substances alcohol anything
Omar Alwan: I'm the most would be just my grandpa with tobacco, as far as I know, so no
Omar Alwan: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, now notice here.
Omar Alwan: That I know of no
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any suicidal history for you, suicidal thoughts any risk of that, no.
Omar Alwan: No, not at all.
Dr. Belis Aladag: allergy to medications.
Omar Alwan: No, not that I know if
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, awesome. And okay, and you're not on any other men's
Omar Alwan: Yes, I am I so I am on Lexapro. That's the telegram.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Uh huh.
Omar Alwan: How much I've been taking that
Omar Alwan: I'm taking 20 milligrams a day. I've been taking it for so long now that
Omar Alwan: I, I don't even think I just take it so that I don't have to deal with the brains apps that withdrawals. You know, I don't really think that has a substantial effect on me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Haha. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, yeah, we can talk about that to eventually I mean
Omar Alwan: Just this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is that a is that a prescription that you get from a primary care doc or
Omar Alwan: Who's giving from yeah so I was getting that from my psychiatrist, um, that he's kind of like a family friend, so I don't actively go and like do visits. It's just something I'm getting now to kind of maintain it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Me so we can do it for you here.
Omar Alwan: If you I'd be great. Yeah. So I have some right now, but maybe in
Omar Alwan: In a couple of visits, I'll let you know. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we can do that for you. And then we can talk about, you know, once we start thinking about
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like okay, you're feeling stable, maybe you want to consider getting off the Suboxone maybe even before we do that, we could try weaning you off of that getting you to 10 milligram. I don't know. And then five or something, I don't know.
Omar Alwan: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what, let's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do that. Yeah, it's, it's worth trying. Because you're saying you're not really sure if it's healthy or whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, simplify your life right and how
Omar Alwan: I appreciate
Dr. Belis Aladag: Several years
Omar Alwan: Oh yeah, like
Omar Alwan: Six, seven years, something like that.
Omar Alwan: Okay, yeah.
Omar Alwan: And he does it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For depression or anxiety.
Omar Alwan: So it actually was for anxiety. I had a lot of social anxiety that I was dealing with for a while it was
Omar Alwan: A big factor in my life. Yeah. But since then, I feel like I've, you know, made a lot of strides and I've come a long way. So that's why I'm like, I don't know if
You
Omar Alwan: Want to take this stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we'll work on on that. When you're ready, and what we want to do it. You just let me know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. Okay, so we continue that for anxiety for now and then see anything else that you're on. No.
Omar Alwan: No, that's it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Excellent. Okay, so I, I think. Let me see if there's any old review of systems is just, you know, review of systems, you're going, yeah.
Omar Alwan: I know I can review my own systems, if you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Have any like general like Malays, do you get fevers, chills, any chest pains.
Omar Alwan: Sure, the only the only substantial one I can give you. And this is something I've been dealing with for a while is just, it's a gut problems, um,
Omar Alwan: I don't know if I've grown up with like inflammatory bowel syndrome or whatever. But I guess it's especially relevant now because I think the Suboxone just worsens it with the whole like constipation, that it induces essentially
Omar Alwan: So yeah, sometimes it can get pretty bad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Isn't
Omar Alwan: So what happens, it's not even like the constipation. That's a bad is, I don't know if you've ever heard of this before, but this is my first time like
Omar Alwan: I've always wanted to go see a gastroenterologist or something. But, OK, I can literally feel bowels bowel movement throughout my transverse colon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You feel it.
Omar Alwan: I feel it and I know it sounds crazy, but it's like I can feel
Omar Alwan: Like it and
Omar Alwan: Yeah, yeah. And it can get it can be very, it's the pain is as bad as the, I guess, annoying newness of it and just like
Omar Alwan: It's just really uncomfortable and bothersome just like I'm just laying there and I just feel like some pressure. Pressure traveling across my belly constantly, constantly so
Omar Alwan: I said I looked it up what that could possibly be from because it's kind of strange. It could be just from too much traffic you know like being really backed up.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, inflammation. I believe also can be another
Omar Alwan: Yeah, reason why but anyways.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's kind of me, gas, gas can be really painful and feel like things are moving. I don't know.
Omar Alwan: I can differentiate between gas and stool for sure. And you're right. And a lot of the time it's it's tool, straight up, it's
Omar Alwan: It's very tough to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It is something that you may. Yeah. Discuss with a gastroenterologist like a good GI doctor in you know hurt to have a conversation be like what's up with that and am I just extra sensitive. What do I do
Dr. Belis Aladag: I would imagine, though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Treatment wise I mean fiber.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, like yeah yourself like little more frequently and regularly. So I would get like me relax.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And regularly take it in the mornings, you know, just something for like keep you functioning.
Omar Alwan: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe do that.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, yeah. I have actually relax right now. You're right.
Omar Alwan: So I can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do it as a routines like for your body and see. See if he wants to get into a groove with it if it, if it helps. Bless you. Right. You know, the Suboxone is a partial opioid so it does tend to cause that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right patient
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that was you get that any other problems on a general
Omar Alwan: Well, no, no.
Omar Alwan: No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're pretty healthy otherwise right
Omar Alwan: Yeah I exercise. I tried to stay eating well, stuff like that. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, cool. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think I got everything I need from you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're okay with trying these group visits.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, we, it's kind of cool. The last time we met Rebecca actually couldn't log on. So it was just me running it. And the guys had a good time is it's all guys the nine o'clock group that you're going to join.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know, nice cool like everybody supports each other. There's people that have been on it for a long time. There's people that just got on it and stuff so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean,
Omar Alwan: That's my experience in the past with the meetings like that. It's like everybody's very warm and friendly and inclusive. So not only am I cool with it. I look forward to that. Like,
Dr. Belis Aladag: What I wanted. I think it'll help. It'll be good and and it's online, so it's so convenient. You don't have to go anywhere, you're there, you can do this program. And it's exactly what you need right now is that recovery themed stuff like
Omar Alwan: Me. Great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so that you can be like, Okay, what's going on with me and get back on the horse, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so pharmacy wise if we're going to try this one and a half film. So this pharmacists may say don't cut the film, but you can cut the film.
Omar Alwan: Okay, I read that on the strips. I don't understand why not, but yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could cut it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. And if if we want to switch to the tablet, we can. I mean, it's the same thing, but usually it's like
Dr. Belis Aladag: A insurance issue of like reason they cover the film, but they don't cover the nap or something.
Omar Alwan: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anyway, for now, since you've had it before and you're okay with it. You let it melt under your tongue. That's how it enters your system.
Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It looks like we have Walgreens on Arrow highway was. Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's correct. So it'll go there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you, you can take it like you haven't been on opioids. Right. Are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you still on the Suboxone now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so good. You're ready you can just take it so like starting tomorrow or whatever. You take one and a half in the morning and one and a half after your lunch.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do remember to add me relax to your regimen that might help you
Omar Alwan: Yeah, for sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's it. But for the. Oh, and then you do your
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your once a day when you take your Lexapro, in the morning.
Omar Alwan: around lunchtime. So like with a meal, basically.
Omar Alwan: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This one enough films on your tongue. I'm going to say twice daily, but, you know, to take it, not necessarily at night. I think the second dose for you should probably be after lunch. Yeah, you know,
Omar Alwan: Mm hmm. Can I just ask them curious. But why did, why would you discourage nighttime.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could do at nighttime. It's just, I'm, I'm just wondering if it would
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not, I don't know. I wouldn't discourage it if you if you think it's not all day with the one and a half.
Omar Alwan: And feeling okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: But if
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean, it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah that otherwise.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't mind and whatever, whatever is convenient for you and whatever makes you feel steady. I just want you to feel sick. I don't want
Dr. Belis Aladag: To have a dip.
Omar Alwan: Yeah yeah that makes sense because that's when I was dipping the nighttime. So if I take it around.
Omar Alwan: You know, late afternoon, I will have to really deal with that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm gonna have to deal with it. And if there is
Dr. Belis Aladag: One is in the middle of the night sleeping. Hopefully, and let
Dr. Belis Aladag: Me take a new one. So, right. That's kind of why I'm thinking, Yeah, early afternoon or something beef. Yeah.
Omar Alwan: And so long as I stay on a steady dose, not just constantly dropping it. I think that stability, welcome.
Omar Alwan: My body will adjust. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think you went a little
Dr. Belis Aladag: Deeper detox.
Option.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I'm glad that you're understanding that there might be a better way to do this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You just like more patient, you know, yeah, I mean longer
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's fine. It's a medication you're not doing anything wrong and better use this time to feel clear not use
Dr. Belis Aladag: And get the psychological treatments and do all the things you need to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that when you get off of this you have some strategies.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To keep you sober right yep
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then finally, have you ever. Are you interested or have you have you tried doing like a or other community and a stuff.
Omar Alwan: Yeah, I have done it before in the past. Um, how I did it, especially when I was in rehab. I was doing that plenty
Omar Alwan: I haven't since, but I feel like if I were to seek that it would probably have to be online right now. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah there's zoom, zoom meetings on. So if you go to. I think it's an A or where you Google enabled.
Omar Alwan: Mind. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The whole thing and it's like okay zoom meeting number 123
Omar Alwan: Awesome. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But add that
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you know your primary thing because you want to get on, you know, stabilize on medication and we're already making you do a group for it. So you're going to do that Monday mornings and then, like I said, I think you should do individual visits as well. So you're going to have that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, anything
Dr. Belis Aladag: Else you can add you know if you have time on your hands and you're like, yeah, I want to get into this recovery stuff.
Omar Alwan: And you said the group meetings are Monday at
Omar Alwan: 9am 9am. Gotcha.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I only gave you three. That doesn't make sense.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'll give you, I'll give you a week's worth so you'll be okay through
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you'll get 21 of them because you're taking three a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I accidentally sent one that just said three films. So that's not the right
Dr. Belis Aladag: With the pharmacy might be like, Why do you have to. Don't worry about it. Just tell them. Yes, since three she's supposed to give me 21
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. It'll be okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If they need to verify. They can haul, they can call us the virtual clinic to verify. It's 21 it'll be fun.
Omar Alwan: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, want to have films.
Dr. Belis Aladag: twice and then instead of three, it's going to be one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so any questions or anything else that we need to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Discuss anything that you that we didn't talk about that you want to. Oh, any surgeries. Have you had any surgeries or anything.
Omar Alwan: No, I don't have any surgical history.
Omar Alwan: Or hospitalizations for that matter. Yeah. Um, no. I mean, I think we've discussed everything so far. I can't think of anything right now.
Omar Alwan: But I'm sure within the net. By the time we meet next time I'll have come up with a few things on talk about
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sure. Anytime.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And yeah, like I said, it's a good group. I think you'll like it. Um, and then what I'll do is I'll send you an email. Now, to, to remind you that you have Monday groups.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's a blood test system loaded. There's a blood test, they are they're asking for it through quest labs.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In this climate if things are closed and you can't do
Dr. Belis Aladag: It right away. It's okay. Like don't
Omar Alwan: Know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: About that but normally it's nice to have that so that we know your liver function is okay your kidney functions okay buprenorphine is processed by your liver. So once a year, it's good to know. Like, okay, not having any problems.
Omar Alwan: No, that's great. I actually really want to do that and what the plan is since quest is closed here until the 19th. That's when I plan to go back, I believe the orders were already sent so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Omar Alwan: Yes, I'll go take care of that. The 19th
Dr. Belis Aladag: For sure. Okay.
Omar Alwan: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll take care of that. So we can
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can see the results you'll see them to
Omar Alwan: Yeah, see, that's something I also want to know to so
Omar Alwan: Yeah, it'll definitely happen.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you'll do that and then they mail you your urine tests don't open the envelope. They give you this thing in an envelope. Don't open it you know it's addressed to you called virtual clinic and you open it witness
Omar Alwan: Oh, OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ok task. I'm going to go do it now come back and show them the temperature
Omar Alwan: Make sense
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah they do that like once a month.
Omar Alwan: So I should be waiting for that to come in the mail. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It should come in the mail. Um, yeah, they should come in the mail in a couple weeks, probably for you.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But yeah, they do that once a month, you know, it's just to keep you on track and know like we're trying to monitor so that, you know, it keeps you on your toes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not her sort of thing though, let's say it's positive.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll talk about it, and then we'll be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like what's going on. Did you relapse and forgetting.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The last one, you know, and then adjust your dose or whatever. So hopefully you happen I think you seem very motivated and you have a lot you know that you have to look forward to. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There the other pluses. You know, you have something really good to look forward to. I mean, it's hard medical school is really hard, but it's, it's something you worked hard to get to
Omar Alwan: And right
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think it's hopefully something that you really want
Omar Alwan: Well, that's exactly what I was gonna say is
Omar Alwan: You're right. It's very hard, but I wanted that bad that I actually am I can't wait to get back, you know,
Omar Alwan: Oh, good. Yeah, I realized I still have work to do before, but I can't wait till that's the case.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You want to get back. Okay.
Omar Alwan: Oh, for sure. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You didn't feel like course by your family or something. Oh, you have to
Dr. Belis Aladag: go to med school.
Omar Alwan: No, not at all. Actually, my parents just wanted me to be successful and happy. They didn't care about the route. I chose although my dad is a doctor.
Omar Alwan: So people. People think that he pushed me towards it. But no, it's something I chose. And as I went down the path of getting into medical school. I wanted it more and more like the more I learned about it so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So you you were like, okay, yeah, this is my thing. It's not just, oh you know my dad or whatever.
Omar Alwan: No, not at all. You're right. I truly feel like it is my thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. Then we got to get you back in there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, um, I also prescribed I just prescribed Narcan for you, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Agent. Hopefully you never have to use it. But since you're living with your mom.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good to have her know that, like, God forbid, you're not breathing, you know, she can't shake you whatever she can spray that in your nose and then call 911
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know that it
Dr. Belis Aladag: reverses the, the high and of course the overdose, but it's temporary it's only
Dr. Belis Aladag: 20 minutes or something. So you ready 911 and get in for help.
Omar Alwan: No, that's great. Thank
Omar Alwan: You for serving the Narcan
Dr. Belis Aladag: Use that on anyone.
Omar Alwan: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So there's good Samaritan laws that protect you. So like you, if you see somebody, and it doesn't harm people so like that's good to know too is like, okay, so guys passed out or you don't know. Is it opioid overdose, or a heart attack.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you can use it and it's not gonna
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not an opiate overdose. If it is it'll bring them back. And, you know, while you're calling 911 right
Omar Alwan: No, thank you so much for actually including that as well. And I'm sure my family will appreciate it as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it'll make her feel good. I think so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and then
Omar Alwan: I agree.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nicotine Do you smoke.
Omar Alwan: I vapor
Dr. Belis Aladag: Actually, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, but you heard about all the pneumonia is and
Omar Alwan: I know and it's something I really am. I'm going to get off of it. It's a matter of one
Okay.
Omar Alwan: So you're right.
Omar Alwan: It's not
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not how
Omar Alwan: We don't know. We don't know what's what it's doing yet, but I know it's doing damage for sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it's a chemical you're inhaling right
Omar Alwan: So, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's probably better than tobacco, but it probably has its own set of problems, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, no. So okay, so I would say, yeah, if you want to work on that at some point. I think that's a good thing. And we could do lozenges, or, you know, gum.
Some
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thinking team instead of the baby.
Omar Alwan: Right, I might have to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So think about it. I can prescribe it anytime you feel ready
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. Okay, so I think we covered everything Omar. And if you need anything else you let me know. I'll send you an email, and then I'll see you Monday morning.
Omar Alwan: One week
Omar Alwan: One week from
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Today's Tuesday.
Omar Alwan: Tuesday, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So like the today's the 14th, you'll see me on the 20th
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and between now and then, you may want to call it. Like I said, maybe just now before you forget. Yeah. Yeah. And be like, Hey, can I have an appointment with my first time appointed by therapists.
Omar Alwan: Right, I'll do that right away as soon as I hang up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. Um, are really nice meeting you. I'm so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, you're better and getting you know yourself good before you head back. Okay.
Omar Alwan: Yes, it was very nice meeting you as well. Doctor, and I'm really excited about this. So thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. See you.
Omar Alwan: Bye Bye bye.